Code together callout (#1497)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: code_together.md

### PennyLane: Code Together

Join us on GitHub August 16th-27th. Be the first to solve an open issue with
the "code together" label and win some awesome swag!

### PennyLane: Code Together FAQ

Q: What is PennyLane:Code Together? <br />

> A: PennyLane:Code Together is an online event where solving marked PennyLane
> issues rewards swag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A: PennyLane:Code Together is an online event where you can win swag for solving 
marked PennyLane.
```

Q: When and where does the Code Together take place? <br />
A: August 16th-27th, in the [PennyLane GitHub
repo](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane).

Q: How can I participate in the Code Together? How do I get swag? <br />
A: Be the first to solve an open issue with the label "code together" in the
PennyLane GitHub repo. Every successful contributor gets digital and physical
swag.

Q: I'm new to PennyLane. Can I still participate? <br />
A: Definitely! You can have a look at any of the issues with the "code
together" label. It's worth noting that some issues have an extra bounty label
and are slightly more challenging. In case you have any questions about any of
the issues, feel free to comment on GitHub.

Q: Can I create my own Code Together issue? <br />
A: Yes! You can submit your own issue, just make sure to have the [Code
Together] prefix in the issue title. We will then evaluate the issue for
inclusion. If it receives the "code together" label, it will be part of the
event!

Q: Can a solution be created as a team? <br />

> A: Yes, teams comprising of more than one contributor can also submit solutions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A: Yes, teams comprising more than one contributor can also submit solutions
```

> to Code Together issues. It is worth noting, that we will be able to give out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to Code Together issues. It is worth noting that we will be able to give out
```
